Address Issue 284 (#291)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

| `iat` / 6 | OPTIONAL | Yes |
| `cti` / 7 | OPTIONAL | Yes |
| `cnf` / 8 | MUST | Yes |

> | `cnonce` / 39 | OPTIONAL but never disclosed to Verifiers | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cnonce` / 39 | OPTIONAL | Yes |
```

5. Using the confirmation key, the Verifier validates the KBT as described in {{Section 7.2 of !RFC8392}}.

6. If a `cnonce` is present in the KBT it MUST be acceptable to the Verifier.

> A `cnonce` present in the SD-CWT is only intended for 2-party cases, where the Issuer and the Verifier represent the same entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `cnonce` MAY be present in SD-CWT, but its validity is considered by the holder, and it MUST NOT be disclosed to the verifier.
```
